End of Day 1 - Version w/ Preston:
DM: Welcome, Ken DuBois.  It seems you brought a friend.
Preston:  The name's Preston.  Though you can call me Tatsumi, Sniper of the Gods!
DM: Hmm...I see.  Very well, then.  I trust everything is in order, Ken?
Ken: Yeah, his sheet's ready and everything.
DM: I ask of you one final time, Ken.  The Chronoshifters are artifacts that are utterly unique; if you use them now you will likely never find them again.
Ken: I've made up my mind.  I'm using one of my two Chronoshifters!
Preston: Err...what's a Chronoshifter?
DM: A Chronoshifter is a device of ancient magic from a civilization long lost from the annals of history.  It allows adventurers to travel to a set point in time and space.  
Ken: I have two Chronoshifters, and I set them to just outside the dungeon before we go inside.  Thanks to them, we can run through the dungeon without having to worry about losing our characters!  They're like two extra lives, basically.
Preston: So you're going to use them up now and not on Friday?
Ken: I want to scout as many of the enemies and traps inside the dungeon as possible while giving the new party members a chance to get back into the game.  But if you don't want to do it, then I'm okay with that.
Preston: Nah, I see where you're coming from.  Let's do this!
DM: Very well then.  The sky was stained with smoke and ash.  It hung in the air like a leaden spiderweb, and combined with the oppressive heat of the volcanic region to crush all who dared invade.  However, one more thing fills the air - the tortured wails and piteous screams of the hapless many captured by Malleus, the Demon King.  You stand at the threshold of his final bastion: The Pits of Eternal Despair.  


End of Day 1 - Version w/o Preston:
DM: Welcome, Ken DuBois.  It seems you've come alone.
Ken: Yeah, I haven't found anyone yet.  But don't worry; I'll have a full party by Friday.
DM: If you say so.  I ask of you one final time, Ken.  The Chronoshifters are artifacts that are utterly unique; if you use them now you will likely never find them again.  The ability to rewind time is a powerful one, but is it worth consuming to fight alone?
Ken: I've only got the two of them, but I've made up my mind.  I need to get as much information as I can on this dungeon, so I'll do whatever it takes to win.
DM: Very well then.  The sky was stained with smoke and ash.  It hung in the air like a leaden spiderweb, and combined with the oppressive heat of the volcanic region to crush all who dared invade.  However, one more thing fills the air - the tortured wails and piteous screams of the hapless many captured by Malleus, the Demon King.  You stand at the threshold of his final bastion: The Pits of Eternal Despair.    